well parking is not one of my strong
side
hi guys like I mentioned the previous
video I am going to be competing again
and right now I am realized out I'm
going to be competing in Las Vegas in
the Patriots challenge on July 6 so
today is July what July 2nd July 3rd
July 3rd and I'm going to be leaving for
Vegas tomorrow I'm going to be driving
anyway so yeah living tomorrow want to
drive there I'm leaving early because I
feel like I want to just girls who
created their figure everything out and
not being a rush I'm planning to vlog a
lot for you I want to make this video
different so last time I did like only
you blocked very little and then the
like a recap explaining most of the
things so this time I just want to do it
just just a vlog kind of video so later
today I'm going to do one milk wrap and
fill this for you I'm going to bring
like about 15 mils I eat five meals a
day so five meals for Saturday finals
for Friday and then a couple for
tomorrow for Thursday and some extra
meals yeah I'm feeling a little bit
under the weather
for some reason I woke up today with a
sore throat and when he knows that I've
been sneezing the whole morning
hopefully we'll get better doesn't feel
too bad but I felt it yesterday when I
was in cardio and I just felt so tired
so exhausted
serious and also I got venues so this is
so exciting this I got it from the same
company bikinis by Freddy's
and he said you bother so that's so
exciting I'm in love with a smoothie so
fire
and right now I'm driving to just get
some last-minute things down
by some things that I
or might sleep
vacation
after that I'm going
work out I want to get a car wash
because my car
and I'm going to bill crap
that's
I just got home after my workout and I'm
about to no prep I'm going to keep it
really simple I'm going to make the
meals that I eat every day for proteins
I'm going to have chicken thighs to live
in X and for carbs I'm going to have
sweet potato and white rice and also I'm
going to bring some rice cakes and
oatmeal and some cereal just something
like that I'm starting with sweet
potatoes so I peeled them and cut them
in little pieces and I preheated the
oven to 450 degrees and I'm going to
cook this for about 40 minutes I'll do
like 30 minutes then toss them around a
little bit and do like another 10 and
also I did not season them with anything
because I like it like that I'm also
going to start with chicken I'm going to
grill it on my little grill and I'm also
going to season it with this this season
and a little bit of lemon juice so I
just cut the ties into little strips
chicken is ready I put it all in one
container and I'm going to let it cool a
little bit and then I'll measure it in
separate meals there is seven servings
each serving is four ounces uncooked
chicken I measure all my food uncooked
and potatoes I'm ready and I also put
all the potatoes in one container and
I'm going to measure it in a little bit
and for tilapia I made this little
pockets for each serving and I'm going
to bake it for about 17 minutes on 350
degrees and I'm going to season it with
this I'm also going to make rice I'm
going to make it in mind a little
pressure cooker so I just put the rice
and water again no seasoning and just
going to cook it going to choose the
rice settings and just let it do its
thing and the rice is ready as well it
was ready a while ago but I let it sit
for a little bit so that this pressure
cooker releases the pressure naturally I
like it better this way so I'm going to
measure it right now so what I decided
to do with the rice I chose divided it
into two parts and I'm going to bring it
like this and just add as much as I need
to my meals so I ended up doing the same
thing for everything up and for example
here I put all the potatoes and I
measured and it was 230 grams so that's
five servings so when I'm there in Vegas
I'm going to bring my scale and just 330
divided by 5 how much it is that's going
to be my one serving in this one I have
five hundred and eighty grams with five
servings for me and here I have chicken
590 Grande
okay this stuff is going in the fridge
right now and just waiting on tilapia
and later I'm going to make some eggs
until app is ready as well I'm going to
put each serving separately in the back
my meals are ready here's some
understand that I'm planning to take I
am now going to go walk in the park for
a little bit I like to do it just to be
in the nature to clear my mind so I'm
going to do that and then come home and
pack all my stuff for the trip tomorrow
hey guys it's now July 4th happy fourth
of July and I just came home from the
gym I had a leg workout and I'm going to
finish packing and head to Las Vegas so
so I'm going for what three days and I'm
bringing these two suitcases cooler and
a little backpack I at first I thought
maybe I'll try to feed everything in
this little suitcase but I quickly
realized that it's not happening so I'm
taking this too and some small stuff
before I leave I'm going to go practice
posing a little bit and do some cardio
in my apartment gym and then shower and
get going I'm finally ready to head out
only took me what felt like forever to
get ready going to close the suitcases
all my food didn't fit in this little
coolers so I'm leaving some stuff at
home most of the stuff feeb just have to
leave coffee and something else
[Music]
just took one of the suitcases down to
the car and I'm ready to live by Keaney
a year later don't miss me too much
[Music]
[Applause]
finally ready to head out god coffee
with me got all my stuff hopefully I'm
not forgetting anything and I downloaded
an audiobook so I'm going to listen to
it while driving and right now I'm going
to stop at the gas station to fill up
the tank so that hopefully I won't have
to stop again and I'll see you guys
later
Hey when the Romans pretty big got too
bad
[Music]
going to call for my luggage I'm here
waiting for my luggage to be brought up
to my room and then I want to unpack and
then eat and then I'm thinking I want to
go for a walk I'll probably take a
shuttle to this trip because my hotel a
little off this trip so I think I'll
either take over but probably the
shuttle because I'm cheap
let up with one of my meals all right my
luggage is here in the fridge too
I'm going to put everything in my with
me just for this so that's before
tonight and tomorrow morning I want to
go to the gym there should be 24 hour
fitness some around the corner and check
in and ten actually just when I was
about to rest I realized I don't have
any water so going to go find where I
can get some
[Music]
good morning early bird gets to see what
they say my alarm was set for 7:30 but I
couldn't sleep so decided to get up take
check-in photos for the coach and go to
the gym I know he got dressed and had my
breakfast I didn't feel like looking for
the microwave so I just ate my food cold
and it was disgusting but next time I'll
sure call him for a microwave so the
little stick couldn't sleep well last
night
but going to hit the gym right now and
hopefully I'll feel better because you
know Jim is my heavy place and what else
just going to get my knee started I did
a little bit of makeup if it looks weird
I'm sorry hotel rooms are always so dark
so so hard to do makeup anyway check it
out right now I mean yeah just got back
from the gym to my hotel stopped at the
pharmacy got some water and cough drops
and face wash
cuz the one I have was too too rough for
me my skin looks red and irritated so I
got another one one check one meal out
to explore a little bit
alright then I just changed and going to
head out I don't know where actually I
want to go to the Venetian hotel and
walk around there cuz I like it there so
nice and I'm gonna do and then I'm going
to go to Whole Foods and then come back
go do some more cardio at the gym and
the hotel gym and go to chickens
first time when I keep service two years
ago
window-shopping
[Applause]
Update
[Music]
it looks like the stores are closed
probably too early time is it
[Music]
rice cake turkey that's it and going to
go to the gym right now it's already 11
so I have to go to the gym do I will do
some glutes and abs and about 10 minutes
of cardio and then I'll come back shower
and get ready for the chickens just
change the hotel sheets to the ones I
brought for that I don't have I'm ready
to head to the chickens going to bring
my tea in the cup and hopefully find
some hot water somewhere after the
chickens
the chickens are done now got my number
42 hopeful I'll bring luck tomorrow I
feel like I'm falling asleep probably
going to that for a little bit for a
little bit and if I can and then 10 he's
at 4:15 just called the front desk to
ask working in the microwave and they
said we don't have microwave available I
am eating my chicken and rice that are
almost frozen
I figured out I can heat up water in
this coffee machine so finally made my
team it's already time to go get ten so
I won't have my tea and go
I am back with my freshly done 10 it
doesn't look too dark I was doing really
surprised like when I get it then I
don't know it gives me this mood like
wanna dance around I feel so happy I
don't know why I don't know what it is
they put it in there but how I feel okay
now you can see more of a difference
just going to kind of make it a little
bit to let it completely dry it looks
good I really try to not mess anything
up I really gave myself some time to dry
so hopefully it looks perfect tomorrow
[Music]
hey guys this show I just want to say de
and Pisa is the prettiest on stage and
also she was so well prepared she was
she knew all the moves she did she
worked really hard I was really
impressed
she's amazing and I wouldn't aggress
guest read but it was phenomenal it
looks so good on stage yeah for all the
haters out there and fisa looks even
better in real life there's no haters
[Laughter]
thank you guys thank you guys
oh my god you guys I have not blocked
because I was in a rush it's like in the
morning I was just in a rush I woke up
at 6:00 and I thought I had plenty of
time until 7:30 when my makeup artist
was supposed to come so then I asked my
coach hey should I like leave tours or
do something else and he said yeah go
get the light leaves I was like oh that
was part of my schedule so I went to the
gym cut lift and then came back and my
makeup artist game she's my makeup then
it was already 9:30 I was supposed to go
to the like athletes meeting at 8:30 so
I got down only like at 9:40 then I was
in the line for the 10:00 for like an
hour I left to the bathroom I lost my
spot had to stand in the lining game and
then when they got on with the 10 and I
had to wait and but anyway I got glasses
it's so freaking exciting and now Mike
always told me to him you can go to the
gym get a lift and then way down that's
what I'm doing and I'll see you guys
later
you live in a mess here I'm going to
have my meal to live in rice and oops
don't wanna make the bad dirty so going
to have this and at the gym I
lower crowd a little rest and I'm
allowed to head to the finals I need to
get my time - enough because I rinsed it
is suddenly a male that it's okay to
reach it before finals my tan looked bad
she because I got sweaty at the gym so I
reached it and hopefully they can do
another coat now you guys I want
everything
this is nervous over all those are for
the classes for now so guys
guys calm down Twitter breath changed
and I'm going to celebrate with Emily
the girl you probably so early and I
play this clip in that video the girl
that came to the show to the prejudging
she was obsolete so nice she broke my
little gift I'll show you later I'm so
happy but I have literally no words I
don't know what to say so see you later
[Music]